docs/src/pages/overview/prereqs.mdx, before:

# Prerequisites

In order to use Green Boost, you'll need to do the following:
- Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- Install [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
- Install [PNPM](https://pnpm.io/)
- Install/activate [Node.js 18](https://nodejs.org/en)
  - If you don't have a way to manage your Node.js versions, we recommend PNPM's built in [pnpm env](https://pnpm.io/cli/env) command where you can use the latest version of Node.js 18 with: `pnpm env use --global 18`
- Setup an [AWS Account](https://aws.amazon.com/)
  - If you're building a production grade web app, we recommend using a well-architected, multi-account AWS environment with Landing Zone. Leare more [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/migration-aws-environment/welcome.html).
- [Bootstrap](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/bootstrapping.html) AWS Account with the CDK
  - `cdk bootstrap aws://<account-number>/<region>`
- Inject your AWS credentials into your terminal
  - Not sure how to manage your AWS credentials? Checkout our guide [here](./guides/aws-credentials).

Commit message:

Misc fixes (#247)
* fix: prettier formatting issues

* fix: comment out AWS_REGION with placeholder from .envrc

* fix: add sql compatible identifiers based on app id

* fix: remove --enable-source-maps NODE_OPTION due to perf issues

docs/src/pages/overview/prereqs.mdx, after:

# Prerequisites

In order to use Green Boost, you'll need to do the following:
- Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- Install [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
- Install [PNPM](https://pnpm.io/)
- Install/activate [Node.js 18](https://nodejs.org/en)
  - If you don't have a way to manage your Node.js versions, we recommend PNPM's built in [pnpm env](https://pnpm.io/cli/env) command where you can use the latest version of Node.js 18 with: `pnpm env use --global 18`
- Setup an [AWS Account](https://aws.amazon.com/)
  - If you're building a production grade web app, we recommend using a well-architected, multi-account AWS environment with Landing Zone. Learn more [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/migration-aws-environment/welcome.html).
- [Bootstrap](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/bootstrapping.html) AWS Account with the CDK
  - `cdk bootstrap aws://<account-number>/<region>`
  - Ensure you've bootstrapped *us-east-1* and the region you're deploying to if different than *us-east-1*. This is required for CloudFront Lambda@Edge Functions.
- Inject your AWS credentials into your terminal
  - Not sure how to manage your AWS credentials? Checkout our guide [here](./guides/aws-credentials).
